is Bitcoin the best Safe Haven asset in
the world or is it actually going to
crash after the having you came here for
the truth so let me unveil that for you
in this one video I'm going to explain
everything you need to know about
Bitcoin right now I've got all the
charts I've got diagrams I've got the
articles that you need to see all
related to what's going on with Bitcoin
in one video don't go anywhere the very
first thing is Bitcoin having will deal
A1 billion doll blow to crypto Miners
And so you'll see here cryptocurrencies
update will slash the new Supply in late
April this is a big deal for everybody
now the miners they get half the rewards
but those individuals who are investing
in Bitcoin they believe that now is the
time that Bitcoin performs extremely
well I'm actually going to show you the
charts around that here's a diagram
which explains the four Bitcoin having
you could see here sometime in April
2024 the reward miners receive for
mining Bitcoin will go from 6.25 to
3.125 with significant consequences for
the world's most valuable digital
currency and so you'll see that on this
particular one you could look at it at
some point it's going to go down to one
Satoshi and thereby cannot be divided
any further that's the smallest unit you
could look a little bit further it shows
you
well then it would actually become more
difficult to you know digitally mine
this stuff and so it was all part of the
original design this is the way it is
here we are today at this time um they
said it used to be 50 then was six now
it's 3.125 as of this having and so the
reward is less and less so where it
becomes interesting is the areas in
which you know you have to pay lot for
energy it doesn't make sense to mine
Bitcoin the computing power continues to
go up as that goes up of course those
become more expensive those take more
energy as well so the computers you used
there once was a time maybe I'm dating
myself here but I remember you could do
it on your own computer you could mine
Bitcoin you wouldn't get a crazy amount
but you could mine it on your own
computer not a big deal now you have to
have special Hardware it's got to be in
like a room people get get these rooms
filled with these things and they suck
up so much energy and so in some places
it doesn't make any sense anymore other
places where the energy is subsidized
where the energy is abundant you could
do it there all right and so that's an
interesting thing about what's happening
links will be in the description by the
way if you wanted to see this the
expectation here is that this time could
be a little bit different a little bit
different this time we have never seen
the price at where it is basically a
record high right now we have never seen
Bitcoin at the record high before the
having as it is today there's talk about
what could happen in the near future
here it is looking at the current Supply
19.68 million BTC there's only 21
million that will ever be mined and
we're showing right now at the uh fourth
BTC having so looking at that just
trying to give you an idea of where we
are so the rewards are going to get less
in four years from now Bitcoin miners
are prepared for the having a key event
in Bitcoin cycle that has rewards for
mining new blocks and occurs roughly
every four years or 210,000 blocks the
upcoin having is going to come down
you'll see that there slashing The Daily
Mining output from 900 to 450 impacting
minor profitability so the I question
whether we're going to see better
improved Hardware are we going to see
cheaper electricity or like some places
offering cheaper electricity prices or
are is there going to be less mining
overall what's going to happen here I'm
really interested to hear what you have
to think around this you could see um
just it gets into the like if you want
to know the nitty-gritty of what that's
all about but what I see is too much
speculation going on within the whole
cryptocurrency Space right now memes
pumps and BL unders absurd crypto
spectacles make a comeback there are
there are several there are several
different coins that have come up I've
talked about this with my finance Friday
crew and that's not a good sign okay
because if it was all like if you just
add up the dogecoins and the sheas and
all these different things and you look
at it you're talking about tens of
billions of dollars that could have been
used in productive means tens of of
billions of dollars and I'm talking
about even if if it stayed within the
crypto World tens of billions of dollars
is literally just going to waste
hopefully people make money hopefully
you know somebody gets um at least makes
money off it if not getting rich but
there's too much speculation and we know
that because there's all these silly
coins that are out there Black Rock CEO
is apparently very bullish on bitcoin as
its ETF crosses $17 billion more money
is going into the the ETFs and there's
talk there's been for a while that the
funds will start to incorporate Bitcoin
in a small percentage in a lot of their
different funds because they want
exposure to it so imagine a lot of the
major funds now holding 1% in Bitcoin a
lot of them don't even do that in Gold
so there's of course it's all talk at
this point but the potential for at
least a longer term rise
in bitcoin's price as more accumulation
takes place according to Michael sailor
obviously he has a a stake in this
capitalize on bitcoin he says so his
company micro strategy has done very
well since the first Bitcoin purchase
here over
1,000% now when Bitcoin came down
significantly uh the 16,000 not exactly
uh you know wasn't exactly favored you
could see Bitcoin is up 463 per in that
given time and the S&P 500 52% gold 16%
so looking at that this is you know
since 2020 by the way um it's just
interesting to see
the H like the performance has been
undeniable there's no question about
that um and this could potentially go on
but for how long does that change at any
point do people people start to believe
that this is part of the greater fool
Theory and they start rushing for the
exits Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies
tumble amid Middle East
tensions and this is where things start
to get a little bit iffy because what
happened here was depending on when
you're watching this as soon as this
situation started to unfold we saw the
price
immediately go down immediately and if
the mark markets were open the markets
were closed at the time crypto markets
of course
24/7 they reacted crypto markets reacted
quite a bit the stock market would have
tumbled as well and so it shows us that
they move in sync with each
other uh we have to see I'm recording
this prior to the market
open and so we're going to find out how
the market reacts to everything that's
been going on if there's any new
development between you know um now and
then the this is very important because
a lot of people have suggested that this
is a safe haven asset that's what they
call it and more money is going to flow
into the safe haven asset or is it
really just speculation and a bit of
capital trying to get around Capital
controls they're trying to move money in
Between Borders they don't want the
watchful eye of you know some
institutions or you know government
ments and maybe it's a mixture of all of
those things so
remember remember
remember what the details what the facts
show I'm showing you here the BTC price
which has been sort of chopping along
for about a month and you can see the
VIX Index which is the volatility of the
stock market and you're looking at how
as soon as there's this volatility
that's been
happening well of course Bitcoin is
affected at the same time the volatility
it scares not not the hardcore BTC
investors no no no but it's those who
are just in it purely as a speculative
play that's it they're following the
momentum they're going to be in and out
they don't care about Bitcoin they don't
care about it long term all they want to
do is make a buck today tomorrow they
couldn't care less so watch out remember
speculation is What markets are driven
by on a day-to-day basis maybe not over
a very long term if you look at it but
on a shorter term there's no question
about it every Market's like that in a
sense this article here is basically
just talking about what's been happening
over the last while monetary debasement
we're seeing that and some suggest that
bitcoin's price rise is really a
reflection of that monetary debasement
devaluing our currencies and so we can
see things like gold going higher as we
have been over the last little while we
can see things like Bitcoin becoming
worth
$70,000 most people even even the
biggest proponents of Bitcoin let's say
10 years ago nobody was saying it would
ever be they didn't think that it wasn't
just wasn't a thing and now in more
recent years of course we got those
higher and higher price predictions gold
versus Bitcoin they're basically just
talking about this in this article they
they make the case it's roughly even but
they make the case for Bitcoin a lot of
people call it digital gold but what do
you think about that is it really
digital gold or is it something else
altogether there's a few things that you
know I hear often about either one and
of course every single asset class has
advantages and disadvantages there is no
perfect asset class if I took real
estate and I say look it's real it's
tangible it's it's physical I can you
know I can see it I can understand it I
can I can calculate do different
calculations with it and I could go back
in history you know hundreds of years in
this area and I could see what has
happened well that's all fantastic stuff
but at the same time you could have new
rules that are put in place by your
government which suddenly hike the
property taxes in the area or they say
you know your tenants don't have to pay
you these things could happen so every
asset class no matter what it is they
have pros and they have cons and we need
to be aware of that like if somebody's
100% in one thing or another I don't
know historically that that has really
worked out well and oh well Warren
Buffett and this and that Warren Buffett
birkshire halfway so they invest in a
certain way number one they invest
different than than most others but you
got to understand they're investing
number one they buy a lot of companies
outright so don't just look at their
stockholdings they have whole companies
all but they're in many different
Industries look at Coca-Cola okay they
own they own all kinds of companies in
their own right they are global company
selling all over the world then they
have got Insurance they've got Banks
they've got oil they've got all
different things so in one way yeah you
could say they're not Diversified but in
another way actually they're quite
Diversified okay you you just got to
look at a wi The Wider uh picture Okay
so that's all I'm trying to say Bitcoin
demand in Argentina reaches the highest
point in nearly two years of course
there's going to be demand when the
currency is falling dramatically there's
countries out there that are using it
more and more El salador is being uh one
of them and so what we have here is the
reason to be uh
watchful Bitcoin has never been at the
rate of accumulation that has seen prior
to the having we have we haven't dealt
with this before in Prior Cycles Bitcoin
would go up I mean depends there's
there's there are variances but the
expectation here for many is that
bitcoin's price will rise 100% from the
point of having the next few days as
you're watching this will double in
price within a 6 to 9 month period let's
call it a year from now so knowing that
do you think it's wise to buy in or is
this a bubble and we have already gone
throughout there and we know we're past
it and this is likely going to Tumble
from here on out nobody knows what the
future is but it's just interesting to
see
historically I saved it to the end to
tell you that within a 6 to 9 month
period the expectation is that there
will be a doubling from here just based
on prior events we don't have many to go
on we're not looking back like gold
thousands of years in history we have a
short timeline and so that's what it
tells us I want to know what you think
in the comments below this is the type
of discussion that we have on finance
Friday live I want to see you join there
as well people watch the the finance
Friday live some people due to time zone
differences due to other things they
watch the recordings after but it's up
to you what you can do I would love to
see you live on there but link is in the
description at the top for that read
through see if it's the right fit for
you and as always hit that Thumbs Up
Button if you disagree hit that thumbs
down button if you want to give your
comments put them down below and I'll
see you tomorrow take care